# KISANBANDHU
Our team has an idea to develop an agriculture website that will be dedicated to empowering farmers with the knowledge that they need through the power of technology. This MULTI-LANGUAGE website will act as a pathway of virtually connecting farmers to other farmers, consumers/customers, and the government. It also acts as a portal for farmers to get a single view of their policy and get claim support. This website will be collating a range of services that farmers across India can use to help aid their farming efforts including:   INFORMATION: - This service will inform the Farmer about recent developments in the agricultural field, updates on improved practices, good agricultural practices. - State-specific articles for encouraging awareness about crop insurance among the farmers. - Experienced Farmers and Experts can share their techniques and experiences by uploading videos. - Website will also help farmers to connect to various NGOs for organizing different educational workshops related to modern farming  WEATHER FORECAST: -Weather is one of the main factors that impact farming and agricultural activities. This website provides weather updates including advisories based on season, weather, and soil conditions.  LANGUAGE BARRIER This website will be available in different languages along with the services of messages and automation through some daily used social media Apps.  CLAIM SERVICES: -This website will be suggesting various policies and subsidies based on the farmer’s annual income and resources available.  -This service will enable Farmer to have one single view of his policy and claims information.  CONNECTING FARMER WITH THE WORLD: -This website will be having profiles of multiple farmers and that can be viewed by other fellow farmers and can communicate with each other. -By this website farmers can also sell their crops directly to consumers without any mediator in between so that they can maximize their profit. And the consumers would also get pure vegetables that are without and chemicals/preservatives.
